Impending star wars movie.  Romance and action set far, far away.
Hoverboards and drones.
Kathy slightly enamoured by the advertisement for flying trapeze lessons offered downtown.
Has everyone lost their flippin’ mind?!?
Anger tainted nonsense spews from the media.
Hint of rebuke
media confederacy of dunces
Amazon offering to send Donald Trump into outer space (take them up on it)

Kathy
Kathy discarding 7 sewing machines
Kathy charlotte van
Kathy arm and shoulder fixed.
Kathy BlueStar stove.

Eric
Eric discarding Windows 2000 and 286/386 slot1 processor linux machine
Eric Perl class – hashes, sparse arrays, parsers, might as well be out of Dr. Who
As Eric’s employer has announced it is relocating several major programs to the
Midwest as it scrambles to leave liberal Seattle, the unions, and its aging
workforce behind.
Sharpening his skills.
First a year of perl training from Cal State Fullerton and now another year of
Python training from University of Washington.
If the trip gets to arduouse Eric can partake in a pastry and warm bevarage of his
choice before opening his mind to three hours of intense hands on training
in Python.a
New stainless steel coffee maker at work.

Sis
Sissy able to reach the rear hatch of the van.
Sissy doll with licked hair, wheelchair for doll.
Kidnapped!  Sissy’s doll lost on the way to the hospital.
Peach pit seeds - Edward and then Emily.

Christian
In all families and households the little events that signal a transition
like passing a certain milepost on a trip across the country.
Christian drum set.  Hit Head on stairs.  Graphing calculator.
Christian has grown to the size that he joined the growing society of folks that
hit their head on the doorway as they descend the upstairs.
Christian football.

Stanley
Stanley graduated from UW (Eric cajoled him to go through commencement ceremony.).

Tracy
Mason bees

General
Passing of Eric Carlson
Angry bird box (phone).
Dog park – Fletcher, pumpkin, differing personalities of people and dogs.  Work
parties.
Puppy fetches ball, then Skagit all excited steals it away and then drops it not
knowing what to do.
Blue - sits attentively, throw a treat, watches it intently and then blinks as
    it hits his nose. It then falls to the floor, he steps on it so he can't see
    it and then frantically searches while attempting to keep Skagit from
    snatching it off the floor.
    He can now catch it if there are no distractions.
Shell oil thing, kayakers.
New roof – signed on Monday, done on Friday.
New front stairs.
Gave up unlimited data plan.
Trip to Europe.  Paris adventure in Guar de Nor(sp).  Facial recognition s/w.
Exploding hoverboards.
Drones.

Paul and Thunder
Paul vera project.
Luna came to live with us
Paul and Thunder trip to California.  Trip to burning man.

Chris
Chris summer sabbatical.
Chris rebuilt the porch.

Alicia
Passed away.

Calliope
Calliope staying in house.