May the force be with you!

While loons have infiltrated our political process and public anxiety regarding recent local and overseas events has begun to rise it is time
for a diversion of galactic proportions.   A grand cinematic illusion of romance and action set in a galaxy far far away.  In a year filled
with toy drones and exploding hoverboards, Kathy, Eric, and family have had another fascinating?? year.

Sis (12)

Curteousy of a recent growth spurt Sissy began the year by finally being able to reach the rear hatch of the van.  
At first she would need a running jump, then just a leap, and now on the tip of her toes she can calmly reach up
and then shut the hatch.  Kidnap! - Our new extremely friendly rescue dog, Blue, licked all of the hair off of Sissy's 
???? American Girl doll.  Kathy scheduled time at the American Girl hospital using the official admission form. Kathy and Sis 
then packed ???? in a comfortable med-evac transportation pod (box), and shipped her off the the hospital where 
somewhere during the journey, she vanished without a trace.  Sissy fretted for weeks awaiting word of ????'s status or demise.
Suddenly, after concern over ????? unfortunate demise had begun to wane, ?????'s appeared on our doorstep in a new transportation pod
with a sincere apology from the hospital for the mixup and delay.  Her hair had completely re-grown and appeared just like new.

Peach pit seeds - Edward and then Emily.



Christian

In all families and households there are little events that signal transitions like passing a certain milepost on a familiar 
roadtrip. Not one to shy away from sibling competition Christian had his own growth spurt.  As he came bounding down the
stairs one early morning he hit his head on the doorway at the bottom of the stairs knocking him ass over teakettle landing him
in a grumbling pile in the hallway.  A sudden and stern communique that gowing older brings both unbounded opportunities
as well as risks and responsiblities.  Fortunately, the headache associated with Christian's encounter with the stairway door was
shortlived, because he recieved a full drum set from his uncle Paul as a ????? present.  Christian, who is attending Roosevelt
this year also faced another conflict playing both on the freshman football team and also in the school band.




Kathy

Kathy slightly intrigued by the advertisement for flying trapeze lessons offered downtown returned from the fanciful side and decided to rather 
focus on something more practical like painting her van as an artcar.  Kathy has already painted one Westfalia with a mountainside, waterfall,
and a meadow and another that bears a striking resemblance to Charlie Brown's shirt, or is it Pekachoo, or maybe something else.  She
has now begun painting her van as Charlotte's Web.  It is covered with silvery-white spiderwebs which spell out words associated with the 
story and lots of small to medium size colored flowers.  Children stop and ask her about it all the time and it gives their parents
a chance to promote the book and reading in general. 

When not working on her van Kathy planned out another trip to Scotland with the Northwest Junior Bagpipe and Drum Band in which 
Christian and Sis participate. Eric and Kathy are now old-hands at this having made 
two prior trips to the World Pipe Band Championships when Paul was a member of the band.  The band did exceptionally well taking first place 
in their division during qualifying rounds and sixth place overall.  Following side trips to Sterling, Falkirk, and the Edinburgh fringe festival
and Military Tattoo, the grand finale was to ride the Jacobite (Harry Potter) steam train between Fort William and Mallaig, gateway to the Isle of Skye.
Unfortunately due to flooding and ticketing snafu's Eric was force to go to plan B (thank goodness there is always a plan B).  The alternate plan
was to catch the train from Glasgow to London, then ride the Eurostar Chunnel Train from London to Paris, spend a full day at Disneyland Paris,
site see the next day in Paris, and then make the return trip back through London to Glasgow.  Seems simple enough.

The trip from Glagow to London, under the English Channel to Paris, and then on the Paris commuter exress (RER) train to the hotel fascinating
and filled with wondrous sites, but thankfully uneventful.  We woke up early the following morning and took the RER two quick stops to 
EuroDisney.  Having somehow dodged and avoided any rainfall during our three weeks in Scotland (and incredible feat), the weather made up 
for lost time as the rain poured down in the early morning forcing us away from the rides and into the fabulous animations and studio displays housed
inside.  Kathy and Eric were absolutely fascinated while Sis and Christian took a somewhat less passionate view of the exhibits counting the minutes
before the rain abated and they were able to climb onto their first "spin and puke" ride.  By mid morning the rain had tapered to a light mist before
the sun broke out warning the air to a beautiful 80 degree day.  Chistian and Sis were able to ride all day, even riding with Eric and Kathy on 
the Pirates of the Caribean and Ratatouille (so French, so amazing) indoor boat rides.  Dinner, the Magical Musical Parade, and LaserLight display and
Fireworks at the Sleeping Beauty castle rounded out the day.  Next morning was siteseeing day with the Eiffel Tower at the top of the list, then lunch
at a parisian cafe before beginning the return trip.  Thanks to Eric, who always obsesses over being a little early for major connections, especially
there are security check in a foreign country and potentials for significant delays, we arrived in the mega Guar de Nord station about 40 minutes 
ahead of schedule.  Upon entering there was a tenseness in the air and soldiers with machine guns were at every entrance.  We could see on the overhead
readerboards that all the trains scheduled after ours had been cancelled.  We were just starting to comment on the interesting development when a 
train station employee rushed up, idenfying us by name (Eric is assuming they used facial recognition technology), and informing us that we had been 
re-assigned to an earlier train and had six minutes to make our way through the station, out onto the platform, and into the train.  We rode in first
class and had drinks and food fit for a king.  Upon arriving in London, we made the quick transition from St. Pancras to King's Cross and then onto 
a train headed for Glasgow.  Only then did we become aware of a gunman who had been thwarted by two marines on our Eurostar train prior to entering 
Guar de Nord from Belgium. Fortunately, the remainder of our trip was uneventful and we peacefully slept in until nearly 10 am the following morning.


Kathy discarding 7 sewing machines
Kathy charlotte van


Eric
Eric discarding Windows 2000 and 286/386 slot1 processor linus machine
Eric perl class - hashes, sparse arrays, parsers, might well be out of Dr. Who
As Eric's employer has announced it is relocating several major programs to the Midwest as it 
scrambles to leave liberal Seattle, the unions and it's aging workforce behind.
Sharpening the skills.
First a year of perl training from Cal State Fullerton and now another year of Python training 
from University of Washington.
If the trip gets too arduouse, Eric can partake in a pastry and a warm beverage of his choosing 
before opening his mind to three hours of intense hands on training in Python.
New stainless steel coffee maker at work.
It seems to be a requirement of the human condition that folks have worries that seem big to them 
and small to others.  Eric encountered such a concern when Apple pushed out IOS 9 and it wrecked
the text messaging on his old reliable Iphone 4.  Hardest was dumping Siri who had been with him through 
thick and think.  Unceremoniously kicked to the curb.
May you want everything you get for Christmas.
Gifts - Four gifts - Something you want, something you need, something you wear, something you read.



Stanley
Stanley graduated from UW (Eric cajoled him into going through commencement ceremony).

Tracy
Mason bees

General
Passing of Eric Carlson
Angry bird box (phone)
Dog park - Fletcher, pumpkin, differing personalities of people and dogs.  Work parties.
Puppy fetches ball, then Skagit all excited steals it away and then drops it not knowing what to do.
Blue - sits attentively, throw a treat, watches it intently and then blinks as it hits his nose.
It then falls to the floor, he steps on it so that he can't see it and then frantically searches 
while attempting to keep Skagit from snatching it off the floor.
He can now catch it if there are no distractions.
Shell oil thing, kayakers.
New roof - signed on Monday, done on Friday.
New front stairs.
Gave up unlimited data plan.
Trip to Europe.  Paris adventure in Guare de Nor.  Facial recognition s/w
Exploding hoverboards.
Drones
Ziggy the cat.  Dogs snuck past a retaining strap and cornered Ziggy in the bedroom.   
By the time Kathy got in to the room she found Blue licking the cat.
Once they were separated Ziggy was wet and slobery and very annoyed.
Now they have reached a point where Blue sniffs Ziggy and he makes a tail twitch.


Paul and Thunder
Built up a band.
Paul vera project.
Luna came to live with us.
Paul and Thunder trip to California.  Trip to burning man.
Garden in the back yard.
Both vegans, Thunder planted a garden in the back yard.

Chris
Chris summer sabbatical.
Chris rebuilt the porch.

Alicia
Passed away.

Calliope
Staying in house , passed away.

nimble inquisition
media spews out an unrelenting negative vibe
heavy enough to weighing on the mind of any rational being attempting to choose how the future manifests itself.
Impending star wars movie. Romance and action set far, far away.   ???
Hoverboards and drones.

Has everyone lost their flippin' minds?!?
Anger tainted nonsense spews from the media.
Hint of rebuke.
Media - confederacy of dunces.
Amazon offering to send Donald Trump into out space (take them up on it)  Nefarious

Christian - Graphing calculator
nuanced

Granola biscuits for christmas
Kathy arm and shoulder fixed
Kathy BlueStar stove.

