May the force be with you!

While loons have infiltrated our political process and public anxiety regarding recent local and overseas events has begun to rise it is time
for a diversion of galactic proportions.   A grand cinematic illusion of romance and action set in a galaxy far far away.  In a year filled
with toy drones and hoverboards, Kathy, Eric, and family have had another fascinating?? year.

Sis (12)

Sissy began the year by finally being able to reach the rear hatch of the van.  For years she 
Sissy doll with licked hair, wheelchair for doll
Kidnapped!  Sissy's doll lost on the way to the hospital
Peach pit seeds - Edward and then Emily.

Kathy
Kathy discarding 7 sewing machines
Kathy charlotte van
Kathy arm and shoulder fixed
Kathy BlueStar stove.

Eric
Eric discarding Windows 2000 and 286/386 slot1 processor linus machine
Eric perl class - hashes, sparse arrays, parsers, might well be out of Dr. Who
As Eric's employer has announced it is relocating several major programs to the Midwest as it 
scrambles to leave liberal Seattle, the unions and it's aging workforce behind.
Sharpening the skills.
First a year of perl training from Cal State Fullerton and now another year of Python training 
from University of Washington.
If the trip gets too arduouse, Eric can partake in a pastry and a warm beverage of his choosing 
before opening his mind to three hours of intense hands on training in Python.
New stainless steel coffee maker at work.
It seems to be a requirement of the human condition that folks have worries that seem big to them 
and small to others.  Eric encountered such a concern when Apple pushed out IOS 9 and it wrecked
the text messaging on his old reliable Iphone 4.  Hardest was dumping Siri who had been with him through 
thick and think.  Unceremoniously kicked to the curb.
May you want everything you get for Christmas.
Gifts - Four gifts - Something you want, something you need, something you wear, something you read.



Christian
In all families and households the little events that signal a transition like passing 
a certain milepost on a trip across the country.
Christian drum set.  Hit Head on stairs. Graphing calculator
Christian has grown to the size that he joined the growing society of folks that hit their
head on the doorway as they descended from the upstairs.
Christian football

Stanley
Stanley graduated from UW (Eric cajoled him into going through commencement ceremony).

Tracy
Mason bees

General
Passing of Eric Carlson
Angry bird box (phone)
Dog park - Fletcher, pumpkin, differing personalities of people and dogs.  Work parties.
Puppy fetches ball, then Skagit all excited steals it away and then drops it not knowing what to do.
Blue - sits attentively, throw a treat, watches it intently and then blinks as it hits his nose.
It then falls to the floor, he steps on it so that he can't see it and then frantically searches 
while attempting to keep Skagit from snatching it off the floor.
He can now catch it if there are no distractions.
Shell oil thing, kayakers.
New roof - signed on Monday, done on Friday.
New front stairs.
Gave up unlimited data plan.
Trip to Europe.  Paris adventure in Guare de Nor.  Facial recognition s/w
Exploding hoverboards.
Drones
Ziggy the cat.  Dogs snuck past a retaining strap and cornered Ziggy in the bedroom.   
By the time Kathy got in to the room she found Blue licking the cat.
Once they were separated Ziggy was wet and slobery and very annoyed.
Now they have reached a point where Blue sniffs Ziggy and he makes a tail twitch.


Paul and Thunder
Built up a band.
Paul vera project.
Luna came to live with us.
Paul and Thunder trip to California.  Trip to burning man.

Chris
Chris summer sabbatical.
Chris rebuilt the porch.

Alicia
Passed away.

Calliope
Staying in house , passed away.

nimble inquisition
media spews out an unrelenting negative vibe
heavy enough to weighing on the mind of any rational being attempting to choose how the future manifests itself.
Impending star wars movie. Romance and action set far, far away.   ???
Hoverboards and drones.
Kathy slightly enamoured by the advertisement for glying trapeze lessons offered downtown.
Has everyone lost their flippin' minds?!?
Anger tainted nonsense spews from the media.
Hint of rebuke.
Media - confederacy of dunces.
Amazon offering to send Donald Trump into out space (take them up on it)  Nefarious
